announcements/2023hackwasm.md, before:

# Mission
Create a distinctive DeFi-oriented DApp (if possible) by leveraging our latest feature, the Dynamic Link, within the CosmWasm ecosystem designed to operate on the Finschia testnet.

Finschia, a hub chain powered by the Ostracon consensus engine, presents an ideal platform for the deployment of diverse DApps. While we have witnessed the successful implementation of numerous NFT-related DApps on our chain in the past, we are particularly excited about the potential emergence of innovative DeFi-oriented DApps during this hackathon, which will undoubtedly broaden our horizons.

For this challenge, participants are encouraged to develop a CosmWasm contract. While there are no specific limitations, incorporating advanced features such as the Dynamic Link for inter-contract communication or utilizing the IBC protocol to enable cross-chain DApp functionality will earn additional points. We eagerly await the development of exceptional DeFi-oriented DApps across various domains, including but not limited to Payment, Lending, Decentralized Exchanges (DEX), Liquid Staking, Insurance, Bonds, Credit Rating, Asset Management, Risk Assessment/Management, and Asset Tokenization.

# Requirements
* You must use finschia-SDK & our custom wasm module to develop your CosmWasm contract.
* Your application must run on our testnet.
* Leverage the Dynamic Link & IBC features if you can.
* We value creativity over implementation. However, in the absence of originality, the completeness of the DApp becomes a crucial factor in the evaluation process.

# Resources
## 1. Finschia Binary
```shell
git clone --depth 1 --branch v1.0.0-dynamiclink2 git@github.com:Finschia/finschia.git
make install
```

### 1-1. Using Localnet for Development
[Here](https://github.com/Finschia/hackathon/tree/main/localnet)

### 1-2. Joining Testnet
|          Name           |     Type     | Address                                                      |
| :---------------------: | :----------: | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
|    ibc-base testnet     |   REST API   | https://hackwasm-node.finschia.network:1317                  |
|                         |     gRPC     | https://hackwasm-node.finschia.network:9090                  |
|                         | Ostracon RPC | https://hackwasm-node.finschia.network:26657                 |
| ibc-counterpart testnet |   REST API   | https://hackwasm-ibc-counterpart-node.finschia.network:1317  |
|                         |     gRPC     | https://hackwasm-ibc-counterpart-node.finschia.network:9090  |
|                         | Ostracon RPC | https://hackwasm-ibc-counterpart-node.finschia.network:26657 |

## 2. Useful Links
- [Dashborad]()
- [DOSI Vault Guide](../dosi-vault/README.md)
- [Smart Contract Guide](https://docs.finschia.network/smart-contract/introduction)

Commit message:

fix chain parameter (#15)
* fix chain parameter

* add links

* Update relayer README

announcements/2023hackwasm.md, after:

# Mission
Create a distinctive DeFi-oriented DApp (if possible) by leveraging our latest feature, the Dynamic Link, within the CosmWasm ecosystem designed to operate on the Finschia testnet.

Finschia, a hub chain powered by the Ostracon consensus engine, presents an ideal platform for the deployment of diverse DApps. While we have witnessed the successful implementation of numerous NFT-related DApps on our chain in the past, we are particularly excited about the potential emergence of innovative DeFi-oriented DApps during this hackathon, which will undoubtedly broaden our horizons.

For this challenge, participants are encouraged to develop a CosmWasm contract. While there are no specific limitations, incorporating advanced features such as the Dynamic Link for inter-contract communication or utilizing the IBC protocol to enable cross-chain DApp functionality will earn additional points. We eagerly await the development of exceptional DeFi-oriented DApps across various domains, including but not limited to Payment, Lending, Decentralized Exchanges (DEX), Liquid Staking, Insurance, Bonds, Credit Rating, Asset Management, Risk Assessment/Management, and Asset Tokenization.

# Requirements
* You must use finschia-SDK & our custom wasm module to develop your CosmWasm contract.
* Your application must run on our testnet.
* Leverage the Dynamic Link & IBC features if you can.
* We value creativity over implementation. However, in the absence of originality, the completeness of the DApp becomes a crucial factor in the evaluation process.

# Resources
## 1. Finschia Binary
```shell
git clone --depth 1 --branch v1.0.0-dynamiclink2 git@github.com:Finschia/finschia.git
make install
```

### 1-1. Using Localnet for Development
We support a single-chain environment, or a dual-chain environment with IBC for development. Please refer to the following [link](https://github.com/Finschia/hackathon/tree/main/localnet) for more information.

### 1-2. Joining Testnet
|          Name           |     Type     | Address                                                      |
| :---------------------: | :----------: | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
|    ibc-base testnet     |   REST API   | https://hackwasm-node.finschia.network:1317                  |
|                         |     gRPC     | https://hackwasm-node.finschia.network:9090                  |
|                         | Ostracon RPC | https://hackwasm-node.finschia.network:26657                 |
| ibc-counterpart testnet |   REST API   | https://hackwasm-ibc-counterpart-node.finschia.network:1317  |
|                         |     gRPC     | https://hackwasm-ibc-counterpart-node.finschia.network:9090  |
|                         | Ostracon RPC | https://hackwasm-ibc-counterpart-node.finschia.network:26657 |

## 2. Useful Links
- [Dashborad](https://fnsadash.landpress.line.me)
- [DOSI Vault Guide](../dosi-vault/README.md)
- [Smart Contract Guide](https://docs.finschia.network/smart-contract/introduction)
